uprooted and constantly on the
Move Iman Nadim and her family have
survived Israeli air strikes and ground
operations in Central and Southern Gaza
they mooved to the furthest point in
Gaza bordering Egypt for
safety but no matter where they go the
Israeli bombing has
followed let's the Israelis kill us all
let them ethnically cleanse what remains
of the
Palestinians
life in a temporary shelter has come
with challenges there's little food or
water for hundreds of families living in
overcrowded camps while some Aid comes
through the ra for crossing Palestinians
here say they have no
supplies even here at the border no
relief Aid is delivered we are forgotten
our children are falling sick and we
cannot find
treatment more than a million
Palestinians are Shel in in southern
Gaza after the Israeli military ordered
them to move South to what it called a
safe
Zone it's now a Battleground with the
most intense air strikes and ground
raids Israeli soldiers are surrounding
hospitals and bombing residential
areas the ones who make it out safely
are settling in in anything they can
find the Israeli troops stormed our
homes and forced us out they took our
money mobile phones and our IDs they
stripped us naked and forced us out we
did not wish to leave our homes this is
the 10th place I resort to I covered all
this distance on foot in cold weather
we're left in the open without any
source of
income this camp on the Egyptian border
is a place of safety but displace
Palestinians fear they will be ordered
to move once again umum Shar
Al make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al
jazer